Staff can be friendly or not .
No great luxury , but when looking for affordable , clean accommodation in a good location , then this is your spot !
Room was clean , bit on the small side but good value for money .
The check · out was alright , two other guests took quite some time to check out and no other member of staff was called to the reception to speed up the checkout process for the other guests .
Overall · it 's absolutely alright for the price you pay and the breakfast · while nothing special · is a nice plus .
The bar staff looked tired and overworked but did make an effort to smile and make nice comments to you once they knew you were English .
WiFi is free but not stable making it annoying when you lose connection and have to login again .
Our room was unfortunately very small , but the bed were very comfortable , linen very clean .
Fine classic hotel but service needs to be improved
The location of the Pension is PERFECT .. BEST LOCATION EVER .... but everything else is negative .. It is not clean , staff are not friendly at all , it is not safe .... I am not recommending it to anyone ...
The waiters from Lobby Bar Mina , Weal and Milad Restaurant bar were realy reliable , helpful and litle bit serious .
The food was very basic , but edible with good bread , soup and desserts .
But regrettably the hotel was renovated and covered with constriction things all over the building .
The rooms are one of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been too however the corridors and reception area is a little rough from all of the Hen / Stag weekend traffic .
There is a little gym in the first floor .
The grounds are very extensive and so the walking can be far from the main buildings .
Location is close to the station but this hotel was all in all quite an unpleasant experience looking into the hotel " hardware " .
Brilliant holiday except from the food the food was diabolical .
stayed at the itc twice once in a single room during the celebrations for queens dayfor five nights and was very dissapointed with the singke room. was assured that the double room was better so myself and my partner stayed for five nights later in the same month and found the room to be clean comfortable and adequate for what we wanted we did not have the breakfast at the hotel and found this to be the right choice due to the availability of better food locally
Small cheap hotel
Staff gentle enough , but the guy at the reception with white hair and glasses ( we found him in the night and the early morning ) : extremely RUDE and HYSTERICAL !!!
Executive room is just standard size room , but better looking and incl. small fridge
Full English breakfast is served on Sundays , it was nothing extraordinary , but for the price alright .
We booked this hotel / apartment because it had excellent reviews , but I was really underwhelmed .
The wellness facilities are perfect , but can be crowded on saturday .
Tulip Inn was a good basic hotel .
clean but not updated is same as it was 9years ago , not to many rooms just enough to make it not too crowded , we were full board breakfast was good , rest of meals not enough choice .
The hotel was a little bit shabby on first appearances but the room was absolutely fine !
The breakfast was adequate · not many varieties of bread and good coffee .
There were larger and smaller rooms than ours .
Check · in quite slow , even if the welcome cocktail was good .
Rooms are super small , especially the bathroom .. Always ask for a high floor where it is more quite and the view is better .. Food choice is very limited and not well selected .. Personal service very deteriorating , especially concierge services and failure to recognize repeated request for French newspaper instead of English .. Beware of a small step before the elevators coming from the restaurant as a fall would be fatal I suppose .. The only efficient staff I found during my stay were the bellmen never failing to salute any in / out guest with a smile .
As the apartments can be rented per night it attrackts back packing , party focused youngsters who tend to overcrowd the apartments ( with more than the allowed amount of guests per apartment ) , smoke in the building , taking prostitutes into the premises , coming home between 4 and 6am drunk and under heavy influence of drugs .
The hotel itself is fine , but the staff and service level was below standard .
Cheap , but miserable
The staff is very good , with some exceptions .
It ’s walking distance from the airport and the rooms , despite being small , are very practical for a one night layover .
Breakfasts aren 't included in the price , however there is a supermarket just next door , so you can grab something to eat there .
Our confirmation state " Free Parking " which the hotel will not honor .
Gym is small but sufficient for standard workouts .
Had a very good time , nothing to complain except disco music needs to be adjusted , when we went to disco there was just our group no more people and we ask DJ to play some music from 80 · 90th and he plays only Bob Marley and some other music which is imposible to dance .
Our vacation was made by the executive chef and his team very friendly cooks and helpful always ready to go beyond expectation , the wait staff in the restaurant can learn a lot from the cooks , Fantastic food all over the hotel in the main restaurant and in the bistro , the executive chef was always there to answer your queries the sous chef was always checking the food to be hot and fresh , the restaurant managers were dull so was the staff , The food and beverage manager never had a smile on his face neither greeted the guests ( poor performance ) .we will visit the hotel again just because of the great food and the smiling cooks behind the pasta lines .
Gemma and Aimee in the animation team really took care of us whilst we were there and it was a really good help the rest of the animation team were also great : ) food was lovely could of had abit more variety on some days but was very nice food .
Drinks were fine , English Schhh tonic and food not all to my taste but never went hungry .
Shops cheaper off resort and only a walk away.As long as you are careful and beware of kids pickpocketing etc it is fun to go out and there is a bus from hotel .Taxis very reasonable and with a little more bar entertainment it would have been a perfect break .
The food came quickly , was hot , tasty , and expensive , very expensive .
Close to the airport , far from Paris
All staff excellent and always willing to help but lack of management and easy to see that services not even close to 5 star .
rooms are great , but should be separated for smokers and for family with children
Centrally located but low value hotel
Flat TV with discovery but no HBO .
Hardly I ’ll stay in this hotel again but In general I liked it !
The food was good as well , though the waiters were a bit tired .
The massage itself was good , but other " ingredients " of a spa treatment was not impressive , the staff talking to each other all the time in their language during all the treatment and that doesn 't help to relax .
This is surely not a hotel to stay when you want to visit Paris , but is a choice to consider when you just want to spend a night and get fast to the airport first thing in the morning .
Great location , small rooms
Although there is a sign up informing that there are no · smoking areas I could not see any actual indication of where they were and the only area a waiter pointed out to me had people smoking , probably Eastern Europeans .
Nice hotel , unpleasant stay .
The food was a disappointment , although there was plenty of variety .
Stay was quite noisy , as group of school children was staying at the hotel and they were making a lot of noise during the night , but reception failed to intervene ...
The bathroom was a little small , but clean .
the rooms were big and clean , the beach is well looked after but could do with less jelly fish Evan though they don 't sting , the pool is well looked after the food is ok we could eat but could be a little improved ........... all in all we had a brilliant time and we are looking to come back next year : ) thank you every one for such a brilliant time : )
There 's underground parking but expensive .
The rooms are not big , but nicely made .
Good budget option on strip , bit rundown .
Great hotel , although not in the center
Though not in the centre the public transport system stops right in front of the hotel and brings u in a minimum of time to the centre thus avoiding parking problems and the like .
Nice pool in the roof top , but the towels have to be collected ONLY in the ground floor ... really uncomfortable !
Room size was good , but I had impression that it was not cleaned properly · perhaps because we asked and got early check in .
The free vouchers for meals and drinks turned out to be useless too because they could only be spent on specific restaurant which had a bad reputation in other online reviews ...
Good location but expect better from this chain
Hotel itself was reasonable in terms of a place to sleep , but we never come back here because it 's not safe here !
Breakfast is brought to the room , quality is very poor ( better of going out to grab a croissant ... ) .
Although edible it was very very borring .
Nice hotel with a friendly and helpful staff , but very small rooms .
The restaurant is good , only for vegetarian there is too little choice .
Location excellent , no elevator and narrow stairs .
Hurghada is generally speaking a good place for a few days of relax , the beach is not so good.The Hotel is nice , but if you don 't like the worst Russians all together , that is not the place you want to go.Avoid the buffet , the food is poor , the best restaurant is the turkish , try to make a reservation .
The booking conditions were · free cancelation , but they charged me full amount with no explanation .
This HI is what one would expect from HI , although check in was quite swift , but no upgrade for me as PC Platinum member .
I was there a week , view of our room was beautiful but our mini bar was empty just some cokes and juice and there was not an ash tray in our room.staff was so helpful but some of them was not kind , food was good but dishes and knifes , forks especially glasses were not clean and were too dirty.entertainment programme was good , specially live show but most of music was turkish not international although most of the guest was from another countries .
Breakfast is not bad but not as good as food in the restaurant , however , the coffee is not good .
I enjoyed my 3 · night stay in the hotel , the room was very clean , well equipped but too huge for me ( I don 't think that many people need 50 sq.m hotel room ) .
The restaurant is OK for breakfast but incredibly boring for lunch and dinner .
fab location and great views , management could be better some parts of the hotel were dirty whole public areas needs refurb bit tired. restaurant was good as long as feyyoz was our server he was very attentive and made us laugh alwys got us drinks when we sat down and always made us welcome. ala carte italian was awful so we didnt try the others but heard the fish one was good. service at the bar was very slow they were more interested in washing up !
The rooms are on the smaller side but again my room seemed to be in good shape .
The property respected frequent guest status and offered free internet as the property only has 1 room type and no upgrades were available .
the bath room was small but had a cool design .
Room is generally fine but some refurbishment would be good .
Nice play but not for holidays
The price was not cheap ( fortunately , I didn 't paid it myself ) but reasonable and the hotel definitely worths it .
What can I say we have been to this hotel for the last 4years , the hotel itself is dated but the staff are all great food is good how ever I 'm vegetarian and for 1 night a week which is fish night I don 't eat , we have several friends come to the hotel with us with kids between the ages of 2 and 18 and have all lived it , the entertainment do a fantastic job and work really hard and make the hotel a fun place to be , I guess this is way we keep coming back
It is not run down or anything , it 's kept clean , but it 's just the style that is a bit dated .
breakfast quite expensive but overall very nice hotel , very clean and modern .
Good location , 2 minutes from Duomo , but very loud location , not possible to have a quite night sleep at all .
The room does have a LCD TV , i will not stay in this Hotel Again .
The design is old , and some might find it needs a restoration , but everything works perfectly .
The sauna is a little bit small , there are only two of them , but clean and nice .
A very nice holiday with small faults
Great location but very poor service and loud
Cheap and noisy hotel with good location
Appart from that , you get an acommodation according to the price , that is : small dark room , old furniture , tiny bad and noise .
The hotel looks , and is most likely , clean inside , which cannot be said from the outside .
The food was DELICIOUS · one you got to it .
The bathroom was well fitted but could have been bigger given the size of the room .
Food was excellent , I only missed good coffee .. I enjoyed especially home made pastry and cakes .
The hotel doesn 't have an internal restaurant , however there are two options : a small restaurant just next to it , or the Hallmark hotel restaurant , just across the street ( discount applied to customers of the Hallmark Inn ) .
Although it has more than 700 rooms , you can feel the good management watching the co · ordination between the working personnel in fulfilling the needs of the guests .
Although the hotel was under renovation during my visit , It was friendly &amp; comfortable .
The hotel is located next too the exhibition centre on the outskirts in Lyon so traveling to the city centre takes some time but the place is well served by public transport .
Our room was on the second floor , with a view on Nevskii · view was great but noise a bit annoying .
The Egyptian People are so friendly and happy to talk to you , there 's a really nice atmosphere in the hotel itself , ( even though the other guests can be so rude mainly Russians ) its lovely and clean , but the food is very very poor , breakfast was cold most days , and if honest they really don 't cater for Brits !!!
Service is bad but stylish and clean property
Good · but the restaurant is a dive !
No phone , no breakfast , old cathode Tv , free wi · fi with low signal in the upper floors .
I haven 't tried the gym but been to see it , quite small but new equipment available .
This hotel has only one great thing : the friendly staff .
Restaurants are ok , but not outstanding .
On Mondays , breakfast is served in another hotel just across the street · very basic continental with cereals , bread , one type of ham and cheese , juices , hot drinks , etc.
It was really cozy french style hotel because it was small but still quite nice if you don 't expect much of a hotel .
a lot of staff members , but not always efficient as supervicion is oriented for control of procedure instead of control of the result and client satisfaction : staff members have to apply strict procedures and finally not really taking care of the result ( as not responsible for the procedure itself )
The stuff was not really smiling and nice , but helped quickly , if I asked for .
Location is fine but service is not good .
The location was in a great spot , sadly the state of the flat let it down .
Good location but some services can be better
A big and nice appartement · but the madrasses of the bed were awfull hard .
The hotel offers Wireless Internet for an additional € 15 Euros for 24 hours , which is okay , but in my opinion should be free nowadays .
Both times all inclusive , food was okay , got abit repetitive at times so opted to visit the sister hotel next door on a few occasions as there appeared to be more of a variety there also a few visits where payed to mcdonalds wich is situated only a 5 minute walk away .
Don 't go there , the only nice thing is the beach
Typical French hotel · small , grubby but charming
It was shaped like letter L in one part there was bed , old tv in other part wash basin , shower , toilet and window without the view .
We tried NOT to eat in the buffet restaurant as the quality and choice of food was very limited , The reception area was clean and the lobby staff were very helpful , The house · keeping was basic but not impressive , The pool , bar &amp; beach areas were kept tidy and the outdoor staff were pleasant. there were quite a lot of Russian guests there ( approx 85 % ) with a minority of British , French , swedish , German , Norwiegen &amp; Egyptian .
On the other hand a big advantage of the hostel is its placement at the very centre of Madrid with a walking distance to Sol , Gran Via etc. I would recommend the hostel only for a short stay in the city .
The size of room is reasonable , but floor , walls and ceiling are in very poor conditions .
the car park gets a little busy when there is a function on , but all worked out with a bit of cooperation ; the breakfast times are fine during the week but I would have preferred a little later cut off on Sunday · again the staff sorted it to everýone 's satisfaction .
a nice Hotel with friendly staff.The beach is clean , but just reachable after 166 steps downstairs ( or upstairs ) .
Some construction was going on when we were there , little annoying but Ok .
It is a very small room that is not very pretty , but the sheets were clean and the bed comfy .
Amenities at the hotel are minimal ( there 's not real bar , but a vending machine is available on the ground floor with sodas , sandwiches and snacks ) .
Matress is really soft but may be ok ; the whole think has a certain shabby touch and the philosophical statements are not reflected by the staff who works just like in any other hotel bur without any friendly touch
The decor of the dining rooms was very good but there was less choice of food and wine than we had expected .
New bed linen has an uncomfortable smell .
Quality of the hotel inside is good , rooms are simple but clean and furnished decently well .
Our room was small but sufficient .
The hotel is new and nicely designed , however it doesn 't have such a hostel atmosphere .
· small rooms but a big balcony in rooms with seasight
Bathroom was rather small , but washbasin was in the room , which I thought was a great idea .
Rooms is good but the restaurants specially the main restaurant the menus ls everytime same , child pool is to cold , a la carte restaurants ls very good , maxxiland is really good for the child and for us .
Cheap but that is it !
